# Details about this Project
This project is about testing to check for an active virus infection. Diagnostic (DiagnosticTest) is a more specific category of Tests (Tests) performed in a Diagnostic Center (DiagnosticCenter). Each Test is characterized by the surname of the person who took the test and the date (String of the form "May 20, 2020"). Diagnostic Tests are also characterized by the result (boolean, where true corresponds to a positive result) and the type of sample (String that can take the values "Nasal", "Throat"). More specific categories of Diagnostic Tests are the Molecular Tests (MolecularTest) which are characterized by the percentage of accuracy (double) and the Antigen Tests (AntigenTest) which are characterized by the time of output of the result in minutes (int). The DiagnosticCenter class has a list of tests performed and an addTest method of a test in the list. It also contains a method for verifying specific people (checkForTest) that takes as an parameter an ArrayList with the names of the people for whom we want the verification to be performed. The method prints in a text file named "TestedPeople.txt" the test data for the people who have been tested, or a related message for the people who have not been tested. The print order follows the alphabetical order of the names. Finally in the GUI class by pressing the "PrintResults" button the console displays the number of tests that came out positive and the number of tests that came out negative, as well as the corresponding percentages.
